# Agenda
## Review Milestone 2 Scope:
https://github.ubc.ca/MDS-2020-21/DSCI_522_dsci-workflows_students/blob/master/release/milestone2/milestone2.md

### Task 0.1 - Update previous parts per TA's feedback
* CONTRIBUTING, LICENSE, repo structure, team_work_contract
* Assignee:
  * 
### Task 0.2 - Update README to have automatic citation
* Consider using Rmd or use Jupyter Notebook with https://github.com/takluyver/cite2c library
* Update README file per TA's feedback

### Task 1 - Update Download Script
* A first script that downloads some data from the internet and saves it locally. This should take at least two arguments:
  * the path to the input file (a URL or a relative local path, such as data/file.csv)
  * a path/filename where to write the file to and what to call it (e.g., data/cleaned_data.csv)
* **Notes:**
  * Note 1 - you already wrote this script for your last milestone, here you should just improve it based on any feedback you received from the TAs.
  * Note 2 - choose more descriptive filenames than the ones used here for illustrative purposes.
* Assignee:

### Task 2 - Data clean-up script
* A second script that reads the data from the first script and performs and data cleaning/pre-processing, transforming, and/or paritionting that needs to happen before exploratory data analysis or modeling takes place. This should take at least two arguments:
  * a path/filename pointing to the data to be read in
  * a path/filename pointing to where the cleaned/processed/transformed/paritioned data should live
* **Notes:**
  * Our data is quite tidy already, probably just need to split the data into training and test set
* Assignee

### Task 3 - EDA script
* A third script which creates exploratory data visualization(s) and table(s) that are useful to help the reader/consumer understand that dataset. 
* This should take two arguments:
  * a path/filename pointing to the data
  * a path/filename prefix where to write the figure to and what to call it (e.g., results/this_eda.png)
* **Notes:**
  * TODO: check class imbalance (it is)
  * Cover TA's feedback for previous EDA
* Assignees:
  * 

### Task 4 - Model building script
* A fourth script that reads the data from the second script, performs some statistical or machine learning analysis and summarizes the results as a figure(s) and a table(s). 
* These should be written to files. This should take two arguments:
  * a path/filename pointing to the data
  * a path/filename prefix where to write the figure(s)/table(s) to and what to call it (e.g., results/this_analysis)
* **Notes:**
  * Experience 3 models, pick the best model (with optimized hyperparameters) using RandomizedSearchCV
  * Score on test split
  * Report metrics
* Assignee:
  * 
  
### Task 5 - Summary report
* A fifth script: an .Rmd or .ipynb files that presents the key useful (not all!) exploratory data analysis as well as the statistical summaries and figures in a little report. 
* There should be a written narrative in this document that introduces and justifies your question, introduces the data set, presents the findings/results, and interprets the findings/results in context of the question. 
* Some critique of the analysis is also expected (limitations, assumptions, etc) and a statement of future directions (what would you do next if you had more time to work on this). The report is expected to be 1-2 written pages (excluding figures, tables and references). You are expected to have a reference section and cite 2-3 external sources (data source can be one of these citations) in addition to citing the programming languages and packages used. Yes, you need to cite the programming languages and packages used in your project. You will learn how to do this in lecture.

* **Notes:**
  * 
* Assignees:
  * 

## Questions
1. Do we need to write a master script as in Lecture 4?

## Group deadline: Saturday 5PM GMT+7
