# Agenda

## Review Milestone 3 Scope:

https://canvas.ubc.ca/courses/59080/assignments/746041

# Tasks based on TA's feedback:

| No  | Name | Details | Assignee |
| --- | ---- | ------- | -------- |
| 1   | TBD  | TBD     | TBD      |

# New deliverables

| Index | Deliverable                                                                                                          | Location | Suggested Contents                                                                                                             | Output                              | Assignee |
| ----- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ----------------------------------- | -------- |
| 1.    | Automated pipeline using Make                                                                                        | / (root) | - Include `all` target for `make all` <br /> - Include `clean` target for `make clean`                                         | Makefile driver script              | TBD      |
| 2.    | Obtain feedback from 2 other groups                                                                                  | TBD      | - 15 min introduction & walkthrough of our project                                                                             | Github issues for feedback received | Cancelled      |
| 3.    | [Optional, if time permits] [Refactor model building script](https://github.com/UBC-MDS/DSCI_522_group_31/issues/42) | src/     | - Options to skip hyperparameter tuning and CV <br /> - Reload saved model from disk <br /> - Split unit tests to another file | Optimized model building script     | TBD      |
|4.     |Apply oversampling to deal with class imbalance|04_build_model.py|- Add a new pipeline including SMOTE with RandomForestClassifier, measure its scores <br/> - Update final report to reflect the new result <br/> - Update README|TBD|

## Questions

1. Do we pick which groups to obtain feedback from?
2. Do all group members need to be present on the feedback meeting with the other groups?
3. Does all of the feedback need to be addressed/implemented as a part of Milestone 3?
4. Should we update README to reflect out final summary?
5. Do we need another meeting to sync up?
6. REMINDER: please always use our project env when working on your tasks and remember to update it with new dependencies if you need any

## Group deadline: Saturday 5PM GMT+7
